src/docs/claim-land.mdx, before:

---
slug: /how-to-claim-land
title: how to claim land on EarthMC
description: Land is devided in to claims. One claim is exactly 16 x 16 blocks and perfectly lines up with Minecraft chunks. Press F3+G view chunk (claim) borders. Claiming a chunk costs 16 gold. To claim a chunk;
sidebar_position: 7
sidebar_label: Claim land
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/claim-land.mdx
---
# How to claim land

![claim](/img/f3g.png)

Land is divided in to claims. One claim is exactly 16 x 16 blocks and perfectly lines up with Minecraft chunks. Press F3+G view chunk (claim) borders. 

Claiming a chunk costs 16 gold. To claim a chunk;

1. Deposit 16 or more gold to your town bank. All town expenses are paid through the town bank. `/t deposit 16`. 
2. Stand in a chunk you want to claim adjacent to a chunk the town already owns.
3. Run command `/t claim`.

You successfully claim the chunk!

:::caution

Claming in straight lines (claim arms) extending from a town is not allowed. These are protrusions which are often used to block the expansion of other towns or just artificially expand the area a town controls without the need to claim all of it. These will be removed without refund.

:::

Commit message:

more info added by fruit

src/docs/claim-land.mdx, after:

---
slug: /how-to-claim-land
title: how to claim land on EarthMC
description: Land is devided in to claims. One claim is exactly 16 x 16 blocks and perfectly lines up with Minecraft chunks. Press F3+G view chunk (claim) borders. Claiming a chunk costs 16 gold. To claim a chunk;
sidebar_position: 7
sidebar_label: Claim land
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/claim-land.mdx
---
# How to claim land

![claim](/img/f3g.png)

Land is divided in to claims. One claim is exactly 16x16 blocks and perfectly lines up with Minecraft chunks. Press F3+G view chunk (claim) borders. 

Claiming a chunk costs 16 gold. To claim a chunk;

1. Deposit 16 or more gold to your town bank. All town expenses are paid through the town bank. `/t deposit 16`. 
2. Stand in a chunk you want to claim adjacent to a chunk the town already owns.
3. Run command `/t claim`.

You successfully claim the chunk!

:::caution

Claming in straight lines (claim arms) extending from a town is not allowed. These are protrusions which are often used to block the expansion of other towns or just artificially expand the area a town controls without the need to claim all of it. These will be removed without refund.

:::

Your town can at first only claim 8 chunks. You can increase this number by 8 for every resident who joins. Your maximum amount of chunks can also increase through a nation bonus, this is an amount of max claimable chunks added to every town in a nation. It ranges from 10 extra chunks all the way to 140 scaling based off of total residents in a nation. 10 chunks is from simply being in a nation, 140 is from having 50 residents in your whole nation.
