src/docs/economy.mdx, before:

---
slug: /economy
title: The EarthMC gold economy - What it is and how to get gold
description: Understand how EarthMC's economy works.
sidebar_position: 4
sidebar_label: Economy
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/economy.mdx
---
# Economy
The currency on EarthMC is based on [gold ingots](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Gold_Ingot). 1 gold ingot is 1 unit of currency. The EarthMC economy is inflation resistant with efficient [gold sinks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_sink). Gold is always in high demand which in turn creates a great gameplay experience and market environment. The large majority of items and services sold are provided by the players.

## Store your gold
The safest place for gold is in an ender chest. Gold can also be deposited into the virtual town/nation bank. This will allow residents with appropriate permissions to withdraw gold and use it for town/nation expenses such as claiming. To deposit, run `/t deposit <amount>` or `/n deposit <amount>`. With withdraw, run `/t withdraw <amount>` or `/n withdraw <amount>`.


## How to get gold
### Mining
The item-based currency allow players to dig it up straight from the ground. Gold ore is spread evenly across the world. Gold is equally frequent between Y0 to Y-64. 

### Raiding
All town protections are removed when a town falls. Find abandoned towns and loot the riches. Stealing is allowed.

### Voting
Run the command `/vote` and click the provided links. You can vote right now by visiting the voting sites [here](https://minecraftservers.org/server/383495) and [here](https://servers-minecraft.net/server-earthmc.1042/vote). You will receive a gold crate with a random award of up to 64 gold ingots after successfully voting for the server. Keep in mind that you are able to vote without being online. Your award will be given to you next time you sign in and can be claimed with `/cr claim`. The most likely award is 4 gold per vote link. It's also possible to win tridents and mending enchantment books from voting although they are very rare.

### Shops
Open a shop and sell items to other players. The only thing you need is stock, competitive pricing, and a good location. Hit a chest with the item you want to sell and follow the instructions. The most successful shops are built in capitals. Capitals have the benefit of attracting a lot of customers through the nation spawn. The shopping districts of capitals are usually one of the main sources of income for nations and players alike. 

### Stock exchanges
While stock exchanges are not officially supported, players have been able to replicate real-life exchanges and make gold from them. Limited pieces of signed paper represent the stocks and can be traded and bought. Stock exchanges are not recommended for newcomers.

Commit message:

added link to shops section

src/docs/economy.mdx, after:

---
slug: /economy
title: The EarthMC gold economy - What it is and how to get gold
description: Understand how EarthMC's economy works.
sidebar_position: 4
sidebar_label: Economy
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/economy.mdx
---
# Economy
The currency on EarthMC is based on [gold ingots](https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Gold_Ingot). 1 gold ingot is 1 unit of currency. The EarthMC economy is inflation resistant with efficient [gold sinks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_sink). Gold is always in high demand which in turn creates a great gameplay experience and market environment. The large majority of items and services sold are provided by the players.

## Store your gold
The safest place for gold is in an ender chest. Gold can also be deposited into the virtual town/nation bank. This will allow residents with appropriate permissions to withdraw gold and use it for town/nation expenses such as claiming. To deposit, run `/t deposit <amount>` or `/n deposit <amount>`. With withdraw, run `/t withdraw <amount>` or `/n withdraw <amount>`.


## How to get gold
### Mining
The item-based currency allow players to dig it up straight from the ground. Gold ore is spread evenly across the world. Gold is equally frequent between Y0 to Y-64. 

### Raiding
All town protections are removed when a town falls. Find abandoned towns and loot the riches. Stealing is allowed.

### Voting
Run the command `/vote` and click the two links provided to you. You will recieve a gold crate for each site you successfully submit a vote to. Currently, you can recieve up to two gold crates per 24-hour day cycle. You can recieve up to 64 gold or a special item reward on each gold crate you earn. Keep in mind that you are able to vote without being online. If you decide to vote while you're not on the server, your award will be given to you next time you sign in and run the command `/cr claim`.

### Shops
Open a shop and sell items to other players. The only thing you need is sufficent stock of the item you are trying to sell, competitive pricing, and a good location. Left-click a chest with the item you want to sell and follow the instructions. The most successful shops are built in nation's capitals. Nation capitals have the benefit of attracting a lot of customers through the nation spawn. The shopping districts of capitals are usually one of the main sources of income for nations and players alike. <br /> To learn more about shops, check out the [shops](/shops) page.

### Stock exchanges
While stock exchanges are not officially supported, players have been able to replicate real-life exchanges and make gold from them. Limited pieces of signed paper represent the stocks and can be traded and bought. Stock exchanges are not recommended for newcomers.
