src/docs/how-to-join-earthmc.mdx, before:

---
slug: /earthmc-ip-address
title: How to join EarthMC - IP Address
description: Start Minecraft Java edition, click Multiplayer, add server and enter server address play.earthmc.net.
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: How To Join
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/how-to-join-earthmc.mdx
---
# How to join EarthMC

![hub](/img/emchub.png)

The IP address to join EarthMC is **play.earthmc.net**

## Detailed join instructions
1. Start Minecraft Java Edition.
2. Click "Multiplayer".
3. Click "Add server".
4. Change "Server Name" to EarthMC.
5. Enter **play.earthmc.net** in the "Server Address" field.
6. EarthMC is now added to your server list. Click it to join.

You're in! Good luck with your adventure!

:::info Queue

You will be placed in a queue **if the server is full**. You can check your position with `/queue`. You will be moved to the main world once you have passed the queue. 

:::

---

### Troubleshooting
If you have trouble joining the server, please make sure that:

* You join using Minecraft Java Edition. Bedrock Edition is **not** supported.
* You have a real Minecraft account purchased from [minecraft.net](https://minecraft.net).
* You have a stable network connection.
* Mojang authentication services are available. 

Still can't join? [Try to change DNS servers to 1.1.1.1](https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/setup-1.1.1.1/windows) (Cloudflare) or 8.8.8.8 (Google). We have noticed that some players using DNS servers provided by their ISP sometimes have difficulties joining the server.

Commit message:

added option to join older servers

src/docs/how-to-join-earthmc.mdx, after:

---
slug: /earthmc-ip-address
title: How to join EarthMC - IP Address
description: Start Minecraft Java edition, click Multiplayer, add server and enter server address play.earthmc.net.
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: How To Join
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/how-to-join-earthmc.mdx
---
# How to join EarthMC

![hub](/img/emchub.png)

The IP address to join EarthMC is **play.earthmc.net**

## Detailed join instructions
1. Start Minecraft Java Edition.
2. Click "Multiplayer".
3. Click "Add server".
4. Change "Server Name" to EarthMC.
5. Enter **play.earthmc.net** in the "Server Address" field.
6. EarthMC is now added to your server list. Click it to join.

You're in! Good luck with your adventure!

:::info Queue

You will be placed in a queue **if the server is full**. You can check your position with `/queue`. You will be moved to the main world once you have passed the queue. You can also join the queue for previous versions of the server with `/joinqueue <server>` where you can visit our Terra Nova and Classic EMC servers. Note that our Classic is accesible through spectator mode only.

:::

---

### Troubleshooting
If you have trouble joining the server, please make sure that:

* You join using Minecraft Java Edition. Bedrock Edition is **not** supported.
* You have a real Minecraft account purchased from [minecraft.net](https://minecraft.net).
* You have a stable network connection.
* Mojang authentication services are available. 

Still can't join? [Try to change DNS servers to 1.1.1.1](https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/setup-1.1.1.1/windows) (Cloudflare) or 8.8.8.8 (Google). We have noticed that some players using DNS servers provided by their ISP sometimes have difficulties joining the server.
