src/docs/map.mdx, before:

---
slug: /map
title: Live map
description: EarthMC map documentation. Learn how to make works.
sidebar_position: 3
sidebar_label: Live Map
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/map.mdx
---
# Map documentation 
After joining the server, the first thing you need to do is find out where you spawned. Run command `/map` and get a clickable map link in chat. You can also visit the map by clicking the link [earthmc.net/map/aurora](https://earthmc.net/map/aurora/). Scroll to zoom in.

The map is regularly updated to reflect changes made inside the game. The map shows:

* All visible online players.
* Changes made to the terrain.
* Claimed land belonging to nations and towns.
* Nation capitals are represented by a star symbol.

Players underground, sneaking, or using invisibility potions are hidden from the map. 

The colorful squares represent claimed land belonging to a town or nation. Click a claim of your choice to get more information about which town/nation it belongs to. Players with [premium](https://earthmc.net/premium/) can change their nation claim color with `/emcmap nationcolor│nationoutline`. Blue is the default claim color.

:::tip

Location coordinates displayed in the map's top left corner correspond with in-game coordinates displayed by pressing the F3 key. This information can be used to navigate in-game.

:::

Commit message:

Added iso map link and link to 3meraldk map

src/docs/map.mdx, after:

---
slug: /map
title: Live map
description: EarthMC map documentation. Learn how to make works.
sidebar_position: 3
sidebar_label: Live Map
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/map.mdx
---
# Maps
![town](/img/dynglobe.png)
After joining the server, the first thing you need to do is find out where you spawned. Run command `/map` and get a clickable map link in chat. You can also visit the default map by clicking the link [earthmc.net/map/aurora](https://earthmc.net/map/aurora/). Scroll to zoom in. You can access the map rendered in ISO mode in the right hand side menu. [Direct link to ISO map](https://earthmc.net/map/aurora/?worldname=earth&mapname=surface).

The map is regularly updated to reflect changes made inside the game. The map shows:

* All visible online players.
* Changes made to the terrain.
* Claimed land belonging to nations and towns.
* Nation capitals are represented by a star symbol.

Players underground, sneaking, or using invisibility potions are hidden from the map. 

The colorful squares represent claimed land belonging to a town or nation. Click a claim of your choice to get more information about which town/nation it belongs to. Players with [premium](https://earthmc.net/premium/) can change their nation claim color with `/emcmap nationcolor│nationoutline`. Blue is the default claim color.

:::tip

Location coordinates displayed in the map's top left corner correspond with in-game coordinates displayed by pressing the F3 key. This information can be used to navigate in-game.

:::

## Community made 3D map
[3meraldk](https://github.com/3meraldK) has made a experimental 3D globe map, you can view it [here](https://3meraldk.github.io/dynglobe/).
