src/docs/nation.mdx, before:

---
slug: /nation
title: Nation guide
description: A nation costs 2048 gold. Deposit at least 1024 to the town bank using /t deposit 1024. Only a mayor of a town can create a nation. The mayor's town will become the nation's capital. Create the nation with /n new.
sidebar_position: 8
sidebar_label: Nation guide
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/nation.mdx
---
# Nation guide
## Create a nation
Creating a new nation costs 1024 gold, deposit at least 1024 gold `/t deposit 1024`. Only a mayor of a town can create a nation. The mayor's town will become the nation capital. Create the nation with `/n new`. After creation, the mayor will become king.

:::caution

Make sure your nation's name complies with the nation naming rules. It has to have the same name as a real current or past nation. Read the rules page for more information.

:::

## Nation basics
As king of your nation, you can add allies with `/n ally add` and invite towns to your nation with `/n add`. Towns added must be in proximity of 3000 blocks from the capital to be added.

Give and remove ranks from citizens of your nation with `/n rank add username rank` or `/n rank remove username rank`. You can also kick towns from the nation with `/n kick`, delete the nation with `/n delete`, toggle public joining to your nation with `/n toggle open`, and set the nation’s spawn location anywhere within your capital with `/n set spawn`.

Due to nations starting with no allies, you will likely want to get a lot as quickly as you can as you require them to travel anywhere with the `/n spawn` command. An efficient way to do so is by regularly checking `/res list`, and running the `/res` command on all nation kings as marked by a yellow name, then do `/t town_name` for the town listed in their `/res` and send an ally request to them.

As your nation gains more citizens, your ranking on `/n list` will increase. Nations fight each other to be on the top of this list as it shows who has put the most time into recruiting towns and players, which is a good indicator of activity. Nations also compete to have the most townblocks in their nation. This can be seen on `/n list by townblocks`.

## Nation ranks
Nation kings can give nation residents ranks with `/n rank add {username} {rank}`.

**Chancellor** allows the player to do everything a king can do except delete the nation, set the capital, and set the king. This is a dangerous rank to give as a player with it could remove every ally, making it impossible for you to travel or kick every town from your nation.

**Colonist** allows the player to invite towns to the nation.

**Royal-treasurer** allows the player to deposit and withdraw gold to and from the nation bank.

**Diplomat** allows the player to send, accept, and deny nation ally requests.

## Nation commands
:::note

Only king and nation residents with appropriate ranks can run nation commands.

:::

| Command       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| /n {nation name}     | Get information of specified nation |
| /n new     | Create a new nation |
| /n leave     | Makes current town leave nation |
| /n withdraw     | Withdraw gold from nation bank |
| /n deposit     | Deposit gold from nation bank |
| /n add     | Invite town to nation |
| /n kick     | kick town from nation |
| /n ally add/remove   | Add/remove nation ally |
| /n rank add/remove {playername} {rankname}  | Give/remove rank from nation resident |
| /n set king     | King command to change the king of the nation. |
| /n set capital     | Set nation capital |

Commit message:

fixed nation price (#34)
* fixed nation price

* specified values for Terra Nova and Terra Aurora

src/docs/nation.mdx, after:

---
slug: /nation
title: Nation guide
description: A nation costs 1024 gold on Terra Nova and 2048 gold on Terra Aurora. Deposit at least 1024/2048 to the town bank using /t deposit 1024/2048. Only a mayor of a town can create a nation. The mayor's town will become the nation's capital. Create the nation with /n new.
sidebar_position: 8
sidebar_label: Nation guide
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/nation.mdx
---
# Nation guide
## Create a nation
Creating a new nation costs 1024 on Terra Nova and 2048 gold on Terra Aurora, deposit at least 1024/2048 gold `/t deposit 1024/2048`. Only a mayor of a town can create a nation. The mayor's town will become the nation capital. Create the nation with `/n new`. After creation, the mayor will become king.

:::caution

Make sure your nation's name complies with the nation naming rules. It has to have the same name as a real current or past nation. Read the rules page for more information.

:::

## Nation basics
As king of your nation, you can add allies with `/n ally add` and invite towns to your nation with `/n add`. Towns added must be in proximity of 3000 blocks from the capital to be added.

Give and remove ranks from citizens of your nation with `/n rank add username rank` or `/n rank remove username rank`. You can also kick towns from the nation with `/n kick`, delete the nation with `/n delete`, toggle public joining to your nation with `/n toggle open`, and set the nation’s spawn location anywhere within your capital with `/n set spawn`.

Due to nations starting with no allies, you will likely want to get a lot as quickly as you can as you require them to travel anywhere with the `/n spawn` command. An efficient way to do so is by regularly checking `/res list`, and running the `/res` command on all nation kings as marked by a yellow name, then do `/t town_name` for the town listed in their `/res` and send an ally request to them.

As your nation gains more citizens, your ranking on `/n list` will increase. Nations fight each other to be on the top of this list as it shows who has put the most time into recruiting towns and players, which is a good indicator of activity. Nations also compete to have the most townblocks in their nation. This can be seen on `/n list by townblocks`.

## Nation ranks
Nation kings can give nation residents ranks with `/n rank add {username} {rank}`.

**Chancellor** allows the player to do everything a king can do except delete the nation, set the capital, and set the king. This is a dangerous rank to give as a player with it could remove every ally, making it impossible for you to travel or kick every town from your nation.

**Colonist** allows the player to invite towns to the nation.

**Royal-treasurer** allows the player to deposit and withdraw gold to and from the nation bank.

**Diplomat** allows the player to send, accept, and deny nation ally requests.

## Nation commands
:::note

Only king and nation residents with appropriate ranks can run nation commands.

:::

| Command       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| /n {nation name}     | Get information of specified nation |
| /n new     | Create a new nation |
| /n leave     | Makes current town leave nation |
| /n withdraw     | Withdraw gold from nation bank |
| /n deposit     | Deposit gold from nation bank |
| /n add     | Invite town to nation |
| /n kick     | kick town from nation |
| /n ally add/remove   | Add/remove nation ally |
| /n rank add/remove {playername} {rankname}  | Give/remove rank from nation resident |
| /n set king     | King command to change the king of the nation. |
| /n set capital     | Set nation capital |
