src/docs/premium.mdx, before:

---
slug: /premium
title: Premium documentation
description: Premium is a paid rank that helps fund the server and its development. Similarly to Patreon, subscribers pay 12.49 euro per month and get awesome perks as thanks for helping the server out. 
sidebar_position: 97
sidebar_label: Premium
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/premium.mdx
---
# Premium

[Here is the store page](https://store.earthmc.net/category/premium) if you are interested in buying premium. 

Premium is a paid rank that helps fund the server and its development. It ensures thousands of players can play the server for free. At EarthMC we believe that players should not be able to pay for progress, something that sets us apart from most other large servers out there. Gold, the server’s currency, funds everything related to progress on the server. It’s therefore not possible to pay real money for gold. Instead, we offer convenience for those who chose to support the server through premium. Premium has many convenient features that could upgrade your EarthMC experience; 

## Premium features

### Queue priority
Race through the queue with premium. Premium players get their own queue which is much shorter. The queue alternates between letting players in from the normal queue and the premium queue. The average wait time for premium is less than 30 seconds.

### Longer view distance
Long view distance is resource heavy and therefore exclusive to premium. The actual view distance range can sometimes vary depending on server load, but is always at least 2 chunks more than what normal players have.

### Double ender chest space
Premium will give you access to a “large ender chest” which means your ender chest storage gets doubled. If your premium runs out, excess items will be moved to your inventory.

### Lower ping
With Cloudflare Argo we’re able to offer you a premium network with up to 30% lower ping. It can be accessed by joining argo.earthmc.net. Cloudflare Argo is very expensive and therefore exclusive to premium players. It would cost us over 4000 USD per month to enable it for the entire network. The effects of Cloudflare Argo is more noticeable if you’re playing from outside of Europe.

### Change territory color
Nation kings can change their map territory color from the default blue. The fill color and border color can be changed independently. Color options support predefined colors such as blue, yellow, red and green. It also supports any color in hex format for true color freedom. 

### Mystery crates
A mystery crate contains one random cosmetic head item. It can be used for collecting and decoration. Everyone with premium receives 7 mystery crates every month. Mystery crates are also sold separately, 7 crates are worth 10 euro.

### Early access
EarthMC is very conservative with map resets. At the time of writing there have only been two resets over the past 5 years. Players with premium get early access to new maps which normally lasts for a week. 

### Powerful cosmetics
Gold username in chat, ability to change chat name, pink glow in hub, tab list priority and ability to use any item as /hat. 

## Premium commands
| Command        | Description
| ------------- |-------------
| /hat   | Use any item as a hat
| /fly      | Fly in the hub
| /nick | Change name in chat
| /party | Private party, share mcMMO XP with your friends
| /seen | See when someone was last online
| /qs staff | Hire staff for your shop
| /discord link | Pink username on EMC discord
| /ch j premium | Join a private premium-only chat
| /emcmap nationcolor | Change dynmap territory fill color
| /emcmap nationoutline | Change dynmap territory border-color

## Buy premium
|   | 12 months | 6 months  | 1 month  |
|---|---|---|---|
| price | €59.99   | €44.99  | €8.99  |
| Save | 44%  | 17%  |   |
| Type | One-time  | One-time  | Subscription  |

[Click here to buy premium now](https://store.earthmc.net/category/premium)

The price is in euro because EarthMC is operated from europe. The 1 month option is a subscription that can be canceled easily through your paypal dashboard or by clicking the cancel link in the payment confirmation email. We can also manually cancel it for you if you email contact@earthmc.net.

Commit message:

Update Premium page to reflect Tebex market
The tebex Market doens't show subscriptions or 6-month Premium anymore. The Premium page in the docs should reflect this as well.

src/docs/premium.mdx, after:

---
slug: /premium
title: Premium documentation
description: Premium is a paid rank that helps fund the server and its development. Similarly to Patreon, supporters acquire a timed Premium package and get awesome perks as thanks for helping the server out. 
sidebar_position: 97
sidebar_label: Premium
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/premium.mdx
---
# Premium

[Here is the store page](https://store.earthmc.net/category/premium) if you are interested in buying premium. 

Premium is a paid rank that helps fund the server and its development. It ensures thousands of players can play the server for free. At EarthMC we believe that players should not have to pay for progress, something that sets us apart from most other large servers out there. Gold, the server’s currency, funds everything related to progress on the server. It’s therefore not possible to pay real money for gold. Instead, we offer convenience for those who chose to support the server through Premium. Premium has many convenient features that could upgrade your EarthMC experience; 

## Premium features

### Queue priority
Race through the queue with premium. Premium players get their own queue which is much shorter. The queue alternates between letting players in from the normal queue and the premium queue. The average wait time for premium is less than 30 seconds.

### Longer view distance
Long view distance is resource heavy and therefore exclusive to premium. The actual view distance range can sometimes vary depending on server load, but is always at least 2 chunks more than what normal players have.

### Double ender chest space
Premium will give you access to a “large ender chest” which means your ender chest storage gets doubled. If your premium runs out, excess items will be moved to your inventory.

### Lower ping
With Cloudflare Argo we’re able to offer you a premium network with up to 30% lower ping. It can be accessed by joining argo.earthmc.net. Cloudflare Argo is very expensive and therefore exclusive to premium players. It would cost us over 4000 USD per month to enable it for the entire network. The effects of Cloudflare Argo is more noticeable if you’re playing from outside of Europe.

### Change territory color
Nation kings can change their map territory color from the default blue. The fill color and border color can be changed independently. Color options support predefined colors such as blue, yellow, red and green. It also supports any color in hex format for true color freedom. 

### Mystery crates
A mystery crate contains one random cosmetic head item. It can be used for collecting and decoration. Everyone with premium receives a set amount of crates, depending on the purchased package. Mystery crates are also sold separately, 7 crates are worth € 10.

### Early access
EarthMC is very conservative with map resets. At the time of writing there have only been two resets over the past 5 years. Players with premium get early access to new maps which normally lasts for a week. 

### Powerful cosmetics
Gold username in chat, ability to change chat name, pink glow in hub, tab list priority and ability to use any item as /hat. 

## Premium commands
| Command        | Description
| ------------- |-------------
| /hat   | Use any item as a hat
| /fly      | Fly in the hub
| /nick | Change name in chat
| /party | Private party, share mcMMO XP with your friends
| /seen | See when someone was last online
| /qs staff | Hire staff for your shop
| /discord link | Pink username on EMC discord
| /ch j premium | Join a private premium-only chat
| /emcmap nationcolor | Change dynmap territory fill color
| /emcmap nationoutline | Change dynmap territory border-color

## Buy premium
|   | 12 months | 3 months  |
|---|---|---|
| price | €59.99   | €29.99  |
| Save | 50%  |  |
| Type | One-time  | One-time  |

[Click here to buy premium now](https://store.earthmc.net/category/premium)

The price is in € (Euro) because EarthMC is operated from Europe. For any inquiries regarding your Premium, please email contact@earthmc.net.
