src/docs/town.mdx, before:

---
slug: /town
title: Town guide
description: Creating a town costs 64 gold. Stand in the location where you want the town to be. Run command /t new. You now have a town with the size of a chunk.
sidebar_position: 6
sidebar_label: Town Guide
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/town.mdx
pagination_next: claimland
---
# Town guide

![town](/img/town.png)

## The essentials

**Request to join a town with `/t join`**

**Creating a town costs 64 gold.** Stand in the location where you want the town to be. Run command `/t new`. This will spend those gold ingots and create a single chunk owned by you. You are now Mayor of a town with the size of 1 chunk. 

**Spawn directly to your town `/t spawn`.**

**Invite residents with `/t invite`.**

**Leave a town with `/t leave`.**

**Claiming more land costs 16 gold. Claim with `/t claim.`** All town expenses are paid from a virtual town bank. Before you can claim a chunk you must deposit at least 16 gold, `/t deposit 16`.

As a mayor you can add your town to a nation by using the command `/n join`. You can only join nations whose capital’s homeblock is within 3000 blocks of your town’s homeblock. The nation must either be open as seen on `/n nation_name`, or your town has to be invited. Accept the invite using `/t invite accept nation_name`.

There is a lot to learn about towns which could feel overwhelming at first. Don't worry and learn as you go. Once you have a town, you can relax and focus on building and gathering resources, things you already know from vanilla Minecraft. The commands above are enough to manage a small town with a few friends.

:::tip

Avoid giving your residents a pre-made house and too much free gear. Let your residents grow and develop with your town. This improves resident retention.

:::

## Town permissions
Town permissions manage what residents have access to interact with inside a town. There are 4 permission types:
* **Build** - Allow residents to place blocks inside the town.
* **Destroy** - Allow residents to destroy blocks inside the town.
* **Switch** - Manages permission to interact with chests, furnaces, levers, hoppers, droppers, and blocks with similar nature.
* **Item** - Manages permission to interact with water, lava, buckets, lighters, bonemeal, ender pearls, bottles, and items of similar nature.

All town permissions are disabled by default, as a mayor you can grant permissions by giving ranks with `/t rank add username rank` or by selling individual plots to residents with `/plot fs price`. It's also possible to change permissions specifically for allies and outsiders. For example, `/t set perm ally build on` would allow residents of allied nations to build inside the town. It's also possible to edit permissions for individual claims, *plots*. More on that later.

## Plots
Town land is divided into 16x16 block sized plots. Conveniently, this perfectly lines up with Minecraft chunks. Use the debug screen to view chunk borders which then also show plot borders. Toggle the chunk debug screen with `F3+G`.

A mayor can add land to a town by claiming nearby wilderness for a cost of 16 gold `/t claim`. Read more about claiming [here](https://earthmc.net/docs/how-to-claim-land). A mayor or other high-ranking town members can change permissions of individual plots and sell plots to residents. Residents can buy plots in their own town, but can’t add new land to a town. This can cause confusion, especially since “plots” and “claims” are sometimes used interchangeably within the community.

Plots are useful since they allow towns to be divided for different purposes and town residents. A newly claimed chunk has the default plot settings/permissions and is only accessible by the mayor and residents with appropriate town ranks. A mayor or plot owner can put the plot up for sale by standing in the plot and running command `/plot fs`. To set price for a plot, run `/t set plotprice {G}`. This allows town residents to buy it. To buy a plot, stand inside it and run command `/plot claim`. Buying a plot gives you full permissions to that 16x16 plot of land. Run `/plot unclaim` to remove yourself from the plot.

:::tip 

Remember that a resident is an asset to your town and it can often make sense to give plots away for free. Residents are likely to leave if they don’t find anywhere to build. Make it easy for new residents to find plots for sale. 

:::

### Plot types
Once you have access to a plot you may alter it in several ways. The first thing is to select what type of plot it is. Different types of plots have different types of properties. A plot can not have multiple types set at the same time. Set plot type with command `/plot set {plottype}`.

| Plot type       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| Default    | The default plot type. Useful for personal builds, such as homes or other forms of town bases. |
| Shop   | Required in order to create shops. |
| Arena   | Enables PvP inside the plot. This is the only place where allies and residents of the same town can fight each other. |
| Farm   | Allows nation residents to harvest farms inside the plot, but not break any other types of blocks. It’s also possible to damage mobs in farm plots. |
| Embassy   | This allows any player to buy the plot, regardless of what town they may belong to. Embassies are used to create presence in other parts of the world, just like embassies in real life. Owning an embassy and changing plot type will still make you the owner. This is useful when creating shops in different towns, expanding your markets abroad.  |
| Inn   | Allows other than plot owner to use beds inside the plot. |

### Plot permissions
It’s possible to alter individual plot permissions. Plot permissions override global town permissions and work very similar to town permissions. Run `/plot set {build/destroy/switch/itemuser}`. Please see town permission section for explanation of what each permission type covers.

It’s also possible to toggle certain behaviors inside the plot. Run `/plot toggle {fire/pvp/explosion/mob}`. The toggles should be self-explanetory.

### Plot commands summary
| Command       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| /plot fs    | Set plot for sale |
| /plot claim    | Buy plot |
| /plot unclaim    | Remove yourself from plot |
| /plot set {plottype}    | Set type of plot |
| /plot set {build/destroy/switch/itemuser}   | Change plot permission |
| /plot toggle {fire/pvp/explosion/mob}    | Toggle fire/pvp/explosions/mobs on/off |

## Taxes
Before joining a town, you may see what taxes the town has. Run `/t {townname}`. After joining a town, you may check all taxes that apply to you with `/res taxes`.

Mayors can tax residents in several ways. Taxes are paid every 24 real-life hours. Taxes are sent to the virtual town bank and accessible through `/t withdraw`. Residents set a town tax with `/t set taxes {G}`. It’s also possible to set tax for each plot a resident owns, run `/t set plottaxes {G}`. If you want to be even more specific, it’s possible to only apply plot tax to certain plot types with `/t set {shoptax/embassytax} {G}`. 

Some mayors might not want to collect taxes at all. Some may even pay players for being in their town. A negative tax number for residents/plots will pay residents from the virtual town vault every 24 hours for just being in the town. Block game universal basic income. Which economic ideology will you enforce?

:::caution

Residents get kicked from town if they are unable to pay their tax. 

:::

## Town ranks
Mayors can give ranks to residents with `/t rank add {username} {rank}`.

**Councillor** gives the player full access to town plots regardless of ownership, access to most town commands excluding `/t unclaim`, `/t set mayor`, `/t delete`, etc. This rank should only be given to the most trusted citizens as it could be detrimental to your town. They can kick everyone except the mayor and other councillors. They can also break everything, steal everything, withdraw all your town gold and toggle all perms on for every other player.

**Trusted** is very similar to the Councillor rank in that they can access any plot regardless of ownership, but they cannot use the most advanced commands as a councillor could.

**Builder** allows the player to access every plot not owned by a player. They can build, open chests, use items and break blocks anywhere in the town as long as the plot is not owned by a player.

**Settler** allows the player to claim chunks for the town with /t claim.

**Recruiter** allows the player to invite other players with /t add username.

**Police** allows the player to add users to the town outlaw list with /t outlaw add username. This rank is mostly useless as outlawing does nothing currently.

**Tax-exempt** allows the player to not be taxed by the town if taxes are enabled.

**Treasurer** allows the player to use /t withdraw to remove gold from the town bank.

## Town commands

| Command       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| /t {town}    | View information on specific town |
| /t invite {player}   | Invite player to town |
| /t here    | Shows information on town at current location |
| /t list    | List of all towns |
| /t leave    | Leave town |
| /t new    | Create a new town |
| /t add {resident}    | Add resident to town |
| /t kick    | Kick resident from town |
| /t spawn    | Teleport to town spawn |
| [/t claim](https://earthmc.net/docs/how-to-claim-land)    | Claim chunk |
| /t withdraw    | Withdraw gold from town bank |
| /t deposit    | Deposit gold to town bank |
| /t rank {add|remove} {playername} {rankname}    | Add/remove a town rank |
| /t set    | Set board/mayor/homeblock (aka spawn)/perm for town |
| /t toggle    | Toggle explosion/fire/mobs/pvp for town |


:::caution

Towns automatically get deleted after 42 days of inactivity if no single resident has joined the server in that period of time.

:::

Commit message:

Removed redundant advice. Added plot info.

src/docs/town.mdx, after:

---
slug: /town
title: Town guide
description: Creating a town costs 64 gold. Stand in the location where you want the town to be. Run command /t new. You now have a town with the size of a chunk.
sidebar_position: 6
sidebar_label: Town Guide
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/EarthMC/earthmc-docs/blob/main/src/docs/town.mdx
pagination_next: claimland
---
# Town guide

![town](/img/town.png)

## The essentials

**Request to join a town with `/t join`**

**Creating a town costs 64 gold.** Stand in the location where you want the town to be. Run command `/t new`. This will spend those gold ingots and create a single chunk owned by you. You are now Mayor of a town with the size of 1 chunk. 

**Spawn directly to your town `/t spawn`.**

**Invite residents with `/t invite`.**

**Leave a town with `/t leave`.**

**Claiming more land costs 16 gold. Claim with `/t claim.`** All town expenses are paid from a virtual town bank. Before you can claim a chunk you must deposit at least 16 gold, `/t deposit 16`.

As a mayor you can add your town to a nation by using the command `/n join`. You can only join nations whose capital’s homeblock is within 3000 blocks of your town’s homeblock. The nation must either be open as seen on `/n nation_name`, or your town has to be invited. Accept the invite using `/t invite accept nation_name`.

There is a lot to learn about towns which could feel overwhelming at first. Don't worry and learn as you go. Once you have a town, you can relax and focus on building and gathering resources, things you already know from vanilla Minecraft. The commands above are enough to manage a small town with a few friends.

:::tip

Avoid giving your residents a pre-made house and too much free gear. Let your residents grow and develop with your town. This improves resident retention.

:::

## Town permissions
Town permissions manage what residents have access to interact with inside a town. There are 4 permission types:
* **Build** - Allow residents to place blocks inside the town.
* **Destroy** - Allow residents to destroy blocks inside the town.
* **Switch** - Manages permission to interact with chests, furnaces, levers, hoppers, droppers, and blocks with similar nature.
* **Item** - Manages permission to interact with water, lava, buckets, lighters, bonemeal, ender pearls, bottles, and items of similar nature.

All town permissions are disabled by default, as a mayor you can grant permissions by giving ranks with `/t rank add username rank` or by selling individual plots to residents with `/plot fs price`. It's also possible to change permissions specifically for allies and outsiders. For example, `/t set perm ally build on` would allow residents of allied nations to build inside the town. It's also possible to edit permissions for individual claims, *plots*. More on that later.

## Plots
Plots are used to manage land *inside* the town. Plots can be sold to residents, have different properties and different permissions. Individual plots have the exact same size as town claims and Minecraft chunks which can be conveniently displayed with the chunk debug screen toggled with `F3+G`.

A mayor can add land to a town by claiming nearby wilderness for a cost of 16 gold `/t claim`. Read more about claiming [here](https://earthmc.net/docs/how-to-claim-land). A mayor or other high-ranking town members can change permissions of individual plots and sell plots to residents. Residents can buy plots in their own town, but can’t add new land to a town. This can cause confusion, especially since “plots” and “claims” are sometimes used interchangeably within the community.

Plots are useful since they allow towns to be divided for different purposes and town residents. A newly claimed chunk has the default plot settings/permissions and is only accessible by the mayor and residents with appropriate town ranks. A mayor or plot owner can put the plot up for sale by standing in the plot and running command `/plot fs`. To set price for a plot, run `/t set plotprice {G}`. This allows town residents to buy it. To buy a plot, stand inside it and run command `/plot claim`. Buying a plot gives you full permissions to that 16x16 plot of land. Run `/plot unclaim` to remove yourself from the plot.

:::tip 

Remember that a resident is an asset to your town and it can often make sense to give plots away for free. Residents are likely to leave if they don’t find anywhere to build. Make it easy for new residents to find plots for sale. 

:::

### Plot types
Once you have access to a plot you may alter it in several ways. The first thing is to select what type of plot it is. Different types of plots have different types of properties. A plot can not have multiple types set at the same time. Set plot type with command `/plot set {plottype}`.

| Plot type       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| Default    | The default plot type. Useful for personal builds, such as homes or other forms of town bases. |
| Shop   | Required in order to create shops. |
| Arena   | Enables PvP inside the plot. This is the only place where allies and residents of the same town can fight each other. |
| Farm   | Allows nation residents to harvest farms inside the plot, but not break any other types of blocks. It’s also possible to damage mobs in farm plots. |
| Embassy   | This allows any player to buy the plot, regardless of what town they may belong to. Embassies are used to create presence in other parts of the world, just like embassies in real life. Owning an embassy and changing plot type will still make you the owner. This is useful when creating shops in different towns, expanding your markets abroad.  |
| Inn   | Allows other than plot owner to use beds inside the plot. |

### Plot permissions
It’s possible to alter individual plot permissions. Plot permissions override global town permissions and work very similar to town permissions. Run `/plot set {build/destroy/switch/itemuser}`. Please see town permission section for explanation of what each permission type covers.

It’s also possible to toggle certain behaviors inside the plot. Run `/plot toggle {fire/pvp/explosion/mob}`. The toggles should be self-explanetory.

### Plot commands summary
| Command       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| /plot fs    | Set plot for sale |
| /plot claim    | Buy plot |
| /plot unclaim    | Remove yourself from plot |
| /plot set {plottype}    | Set type of plot |
| /plot set {build/destroy/switch/itemuser}   | Change plot permission |
| /plot toggle {fire/pvp/explosion/mob}    | Toggle fire/pvp/explosions/mobs on/off |

## Taxes
Before joining a town, you may see what taxes the town has. Run `/t {townname}`. After joining a town, you may check all taxes that apply to you with `/res taxes`.

Mayors can tax residents in several ways. Taxes are paid every 24 real-life hours. Taxes are sent to the virtual town bank and accessible through `/t withdraw`. Residents set a town tax with `/t set taxes {G}`. It’s also possible to set tax for each plot a resident owns, run `/t set plottaxes {G}`. If you want to be even more specific, it’s possible to only apply plot tax to certain plot types with `/t set {shoptax/embassytax} {G}`. 

Some mayors might not want to collect taxes at all. Some may even pay players for being in their town. A negative tax number for residents/plots will pay residents from the virtual town vault every 24 hours for just being in the town. Block game universal basic income. Which economic ideology will you enforce?

:::caution

Residents get kicked from town if they are unable to pay their tax. 

:::

## Town ranks
Mayors can give ranks to residents with `/t rank add {username} {rank}`.

**Councillor** gives the player full access to town plots regardless of ownership, access to most town commands excluding `/t unclaim`, `/t set mayor`, `/t delete`, etc. This rank should only be given to the most trusted citizens as it could be detrimental to your town. They can kick everyone except the mayor and other councillors. They can also break everything, steal everything, withdraw all your town gold and toggle all perms on for every other player.

**Trusted** is very similar to the Councillor rank in that they can access any plot regardless of ownership, but they cannot use the most advanced commands as a councillor could.

**Builder** allows the player to access every plot not owned by a player. They can build, open chests, use items and break blocks anywhere in the town as long as the plot is not owned by a player.

**Settler** allows the player to claim chunks for the town with /t claim.

**Recruiter** allows the player to invite other players with /t add username.

**Police** allows the player to add users to the town outlaw list with /t outlaw add username. This rank is mostly useless as outlawing does nothing currently.

**Tax-exempt** allows the player to not be taxed by the town if taxes are enabled.

**Treasurer** allows the player to use /t withdraw to remove gold from the town bank.

## Town commands

| Command       | Description          |
| ------------- |:-------------|
| /t {town}    | View information on specific town |
| /t invite {player}   | Invite player to town |
| /t here    | Shows information on town at current location |
| /t list    | List of all towns |
| /t leave    | Leave town |
| /t new    | Create a new town |
| /t add {resident}    | Add resident to town |
| /t kick    | Kick resident from town |
| /t spawn    | Teleport to town spawn |
| [/t claim](https://earthmc.net/docs/how-to-claim-land)    | Claim chunk |
| /t withdraw    | Withdraw gold from town bank |
| /t deposit    | Deposit gold to town bank |
| /t rank {add|remove} {playername} {rankname}    | Add/remove a town rank |
| /t set    | Set board/mayor/homeblock (aka spawn)/perm for town |
| /t toggle    | Toggle explosion/fire/mobs/pvp for town |


:::caution

Towns automatically get deleted after 42 days of inactivity if no single resident has joined the server in that period of time.

:::
